you know I got a lot of well wishes
today from family and friends but the
first wish I got every year my aunt
chippy calls me at the crack of dawn she
gets up before the Sun comes up so it's
down to the pond where I mute the
telephone the night before I think all I
have to turn off the phone so she
doesn't wake me up and it usually works
but this year she got a little bit of
help from my wife and brother and flew
here from Las Vegas to wake me up in
person not something I want to be
encouraged but look at this and chippy
good morning
[Music]
give me the pot we're gonna wait Jimmy
up them wishing a happy birthday
I brought the chippy Dale I don't want
to be a mystery good-looking
I brought thee and chippy dales
I know but they're the Chippendales
I brought the in Chippendale I said I
brought the and Chippendales from Las
Vegas with me just to make it even more
exciting
let's go
[Music]
- I got your glory glory children
and chippy and high-end Chippendales
[Applause]
[Music]
this money know about this she doesn't
have any clue what a wonderful gift that
was thank you
she just got out of jail that's an
chippy everybody wait
that was like the opposite of a sex
dream right there if you liked that
video then put a ring on it click the
subscribe button below Oh